[Music]
welcome to my unboxing of the Philco
magic such - this is a mechanical
keyboard and you can see here Philco has
so many different configurations of the
keyboards they let you have pretty much
whatever you could possibly want in
terms of the layout so you can have you
can have different layouts different
sizes different switches under them you
can have different color schemes of the
keyboards we've unboxed the camel one
before which is pretty cool
this particular one has a black body
cover with a 104 key arrangement so it
doesn't have the missing number pad it
has carry MX red switches which are
basically like a softer version of the
black switch so that is to say that it's
very linear in terms of the travel there
isn't like a resistance and then a click
and then a release it's very linear and
it requires less force to depress then a
black switch which isn't to say that it
has like a neurological disorder that
causes it to be sad that is to just say
that it is being pressed down depressed
not like you know like it needs you know
help from somebody to become undepressed
although actually no because it doesn't
need help to get I'm the one making it
depressed and then if I would just stop
putting so much pressure on it then it
would be undepressed I don't know where
I was gonna think that's okay so let's
have a look at the keyboard itself
Philco is a world renowned brand they're
a Japanese brand pretty much if you're
into keyboards and more people are into
keyboards than you would think you have
heard of Phil Coke you are familiar with
Phil Coke and you probably want a Philco
keyboard in some shape or form so they
are known for their build quality very
very solid keyboards it's not quite a
model M but then again nothing is what
can I say right however as far as modern
keyboards go you aren't going to do any
better than this there's absolutely no
flex to the deck
self there is that weight to it like
it's not you know once again it's not a
model and like you probably couldn't
kill a man with it but you could stun it
you know like if someone broke into your
like you're gaming dead and you're all
like oh yeah
you know no like ax is nearby have your
keyboard be like what pow and then
hopefully you wouldn't wreck the USB
port because this keyboard does plug
into your computer by USB or ps2 with
the adapter
it features NQ rollover which means you
can press as many things as you want
without running into any difficulty with
you know random ghosting and you know if
you learn to type with your face then
you could type with your face and that
would be really weird looking but like
probably effective in terms of the
layout I love it
because I'm one of those guys who wants
to see long shifts enters and backspace
keys because I have small hands and I
can't reach a backspace key over here
without moving my index finger off of
the J which means that I'll get lost
when I go back and then it'll be a total
disaster and I don't know what to do um
note all delete key thumbs up again
don't function key on this one that's
kind of interesting so two windows keys
this isn't I guess not a more gaming
oriented model whereas on the last
gaming oriented one we had a function
key here with the via keys up here and
just two windows key on this side we've
also got a full number pad and honestly
in terms of the mechanical keyboard
typing experience the number pad to me
is very important because in my
particular job I do a lot of typing on a
number pad I can actually touch type
faster on a number pad than I can
actually touch type in terms of written
like words and stuff because I enter a
lot of numbers into my computer and
mechanical keys make everything faster
everyone that I have put a mechanical
keyboard in front of types faster and is
more comfortable than they are at a
membrane key switch because they do
provide more responsiveness more
feedback and just the better they become
depressed where he's under pressed more
easily as well so that's a good thing to
again build quality huge rubber pads
quality rubber pads these are incredibly
non-slip four of them on the bottom you
can also
flip up these guys right here and they
have folding rubber pads that aren't
going anywhere if you want to incline
the keyboard a little bit and when it
comes down to the fill comb yes they're
expensive yes there are much better
typing experience and yes you can get
pretty much whatever you want in terms
of the layout the color scheme the
switches that you prefer try keyboards
find out what you prefer personally I'm
not an MX red guy it's just not my thing
however that doesn't mean that I
couldn't get this keyboard with
different switches because feel cold
rolls like that so don't forget to
subscribe to learn this tech tips for
more unboxings reviews another computer
videos